hello welcome to my
victorinox classic series nose
collection name did so
print ah evo 3d in this collection
models and have like to show you
so the the first one the mole is simple it
is cold
healthy escort
nail file writer and the mine remained
hossel
two sons and to speak
empathically and bush my son terrorists
am fat
Danny arrange it
classic sd
is black ass play nail file
brakes small caesars
also to peak two even
it is therefore being in white
and as a myth that shit
there came in that guy
color variations and pet and relations
like him is that
this is a warm controller
branding therefore i technology
campagnolo
and I the the company
to people with him
green
and is that in cross country
so him configuration
is there an iron ruby bowl
like pink
and the most expressive of the s that
classic looks nice the
any silver
Pico does that quickly
freezers
and the next the last that is the battery
empty
I had is for me I am a friend of
me away
And then limited edition is needed
or not
and I prefer
indus script and have quickly Caesar's
and the true stripper is here
2 6
to be
ok thanks for watching
msd me